# CS340 Dashboard Project
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
The CRUD python module created for the projects in this course can easily be generalized for use in many future projects.  CRUD operations are used frequently with any type of database and the code written for this project could be adapted to other Mongo databases.  The process of developing this code could be adapted to other types of databases also.  Although this code was fairly simple, it could serve as the basis for developing more complicated queries.  In fact, these simple operations could be used to create complicated queries just by passing various specifications to the functions.


# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
The basic approach that I used for the projects in this course was to take a large project and break it down into smaller, more simple pieces and test each piece along the way.  By only working on a little piece of code at a time, I was able to troubleshoot and resolve issues along the way.  After working on the smaller pieces of code, I started putting it all together to ensure that the pieces integrated successfully.  Finally, at the end, I was able to run and test the entire project successfully to produce a polished finished product.  I think this approach will work well for future projects as a computer scientist.  Breaking large projects down into smaller pieces and testing each piece will help to produce quality software programs.

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
For me, the main takeaway from this project was to look at a client's requirements and figure out the most efficient way to deliver a finished product that will meet their specifications.  It is also important to leave room to allow for changes/modifications and additional functionalities as the client requests them.  By using built-in Python libraries, this project could be completed easily and still leave room for modifications in the future.  The Python libraries allowed for a very polished dashboard to be delivered in the end with only minimal code.  Ultimately, this gets a quality product delivered to the client quickly and efficiently.
